Support DSR with Geneve dispatch (#23890)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/network/kubernetes/kubeproxy-free.rst

        --set k8sServiceHost=${API_SERVER_IP} \\
        --set k8sServicePort=${API_SERVER_PORT}

.. _DSR mode with Geneve:

Direct Server Return (DSR) with Geneve
**************************************
By default, Cilium with DSR mode encodes the service IP/port in a Cilium-specific

> IPv4 option or IPv6 Destination Option extension so that the backends make aware of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IPv4 option or IPv6 Destination Option extension so that the backends are aware of
```

the service IP/port, which they need to reply with.

> However, some data center routers pass packets with unknown IP options to software
> processing called "Layer 2 slow path". As well as taking speeds from millions of
> packets, those routers drop the packets if the traffic of packets with IP options
> exceeds the threshold. That significantly affects network performance.

Reviewer: I find this paragraph hard to read. In particular, I'm not sure what you mean with “As well as taking speeds from millions of packets”. Do you mean these routers are able to process millions of packets per second? Is this relevant in the explanation?

Some suggestions:

```suggestion
However, some data center routers pass packets with unknown IP options to software
processing called "Layer 2 slow path".
Those routers drop the packets if the amount of packets with IP options
exceeds a given threshold, which may significantly affect network performance.
```

Author: I just tried to express that the router's soft process is slow, but yeah it's confusing. I'll remove it.

> Cilium offers another dispatch mode, DSR with Geneve to avoid this problem.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Cilium offers another dispatch mode, DSR with Geneve, to avoid this problem.
```

In DSR with Geneve, Cilium encapsulates packets to the Loadbalancer with the Geneve
header that includes the service IP/port in the Geneve option and redirects them
to the backends.

The Helm example configuration in a kube-proxy-free environment with DSR and
Geneve dispatch enabled would look as follows:

Note, IPv6 support for DSR with Geneve is currently limited. It works only with TC,

> not with XDP.

Reviewer: Please swap those two paragraphs
